Update template vars doc (#2379)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/chronograf/v1.8/guides/dashboard-template-variables.md

- [Create custom template variables](#create-custom-template-variables)
- [Template variable types](#template-variable-types)
- [Reserved variable names](#reserved-variable-names)
- [Advanced template variable usage](#advanced-template-variable-usage)

## Use template variables

When creating Chronograf dashboards, use template variables in cell queries and titles.

In the query, surround template variables names with colons (`:`) as follows:

```sql
SELECT :variable_name: FROM "telegraf"."autogen".:measurement: WHERE time < :dashboardTime:
```

Use either [predefined template variables](#predefined-template-variables)
or [custom template variables](#create-custom-template-variables).
After you set up variables, variables are available to select in your dashboard user-interface (UI).

![Using template variables](/img/chronograf/1-6-template-vars-use.gif)

## Quoting template variables

For **predefined meta queries** such as "Field Keys" and "Tag Values", **do not add quotes** (single or double) to your queries. Chronograf will add quotes as follows:

```sql
  SELECT :variable_name: FROM "telegraf"."autogen".:measurement: WHERE time < :dashboardTime:

> ```

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```sql
SELECT :variable_name: FROM "telegraf"."autogen".:measurement: WHERE time < :dashboardTime:
```
~~~

> 
> For **custom queries**, **CSV**, or **map queries**, you **must quote** the values in the query in accordance with standard [InfluxQL](/influxdb/v1.8/query_language/) syntax as follows:
> 
> - For numerical values, **do not add** quotes.
> - For string values, **determine whether to quote** the values in the variable definition (or not). For example, if you use template variable strings in regular expression syntax (where quotes may cause errors), do not include quotes.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For **custom queries**, **CSV**, or **map queries**, quote the values in the query in accordance with standard [InfluxQL](/influxdb/v1.8/query_language/) syntax as follows:

- For numerical values, **do not add** quotes.
- For string values, choose to quote the values in the variable definition (or not). For example, if you use template variable strings in regular expression syntax (where quotes may cause errors), do not include quotes.

```

{{% note %}}
**Tip:** When using custom meta queries that return strings, typically, you quote variable values in a dashboard query, given InfluxQL returns results without quotes.
{{% /note %}}

### Template variables without quotes

If you define a custom CSV variable named `host` with the following values:

```sh
'host1','host2','host3'
```

Do not include quotes in your query:

```sql
  SELECT mean("usage_user") AS "mean_usage_user" FROM "telegraf"."autogen"."cpu" 
  WHERE "host" = :host: and time > :dashboardTime

> ```

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```sql
SELECT mean("usage_user") AS "mean_usage_user" FROM "telegraf"."autogen"."cpu" 
WHERE "host" = :host: and time > :dashboardTime
```
~~~

### Template variables without quotes

If you define a custom CSV variable named `host` without quotes:

```sh
host1,host2,host3
```

Add single quotes in your query as follows:

```sql
SELECT mean("usage_user") AS "mean_usage_user" FROM "telegraf"."autogen"."cpu" 
  WHERE "host" = ':host:' and time > :dashboardTime

> ```

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```sql
SELECT mean("usage_user") AS "mean_usage_user" FROM "telegraf"."autogen"."cpu" 
WHERE "host" = ':host:' and time > :dashboardTime
```
~~~
